fix: fixed feature flag configuration example (#1946)
vaadin/docs: articles/configuration/feature-flags.adoc

== Managing Feature Flags

Feature flags can be managed in different ways: by using Vaadin Developer Tools; by editing the feature flags properties file; or by setting Java system properties. Each of these methods is described in the sub-sections that follow. However, remember that system properties always have the highest priority. Since they aren't written into the feature flags properties file, they're valid only for a single execution.

=== Using Vaadin Developer Tools

> It's easy to manage feature flags using Vaadin Developer Tools. When running your browser in development mode, just click the Vaadin Developer Tools icon button in your application -- it's located at bottom right corner.

Reviewer: @russelljtdyer 

```suggestion
It's easy to manage feature flags using Vaadin Developer Tools. When running your browser in development mode, click the Vaadin Developer Tools icon button in your application -- it's located at bottom right corner.
```

Next, open the [guilabel]*Experimental Features* tab and then click the toggle buttons to enable or disable features.

When you're finished, restart the application for your changes to take effect.

=== Editing the Properties File

> As mentioned above, you can also manage feature flags by editing the properties file. To do so by this method, edit the [filename]`src/main/resources/vaadin-featureflags.properties` file in your application folder -- or create the file if does not already exist.

Reviewer: @russelljtdyer 

```suggestion
As mentioned above, you can also manage feature flags by editing the properties file. To do so by this method, edit the [filename]`src/main/resources/vaadin-featureflags.properties` file in your application folder -- or create the file if it doesn't already exist.
```
